README.md, before:

# Simda.js

A simple alternative of Ramda.js

### Functions
- [x] [_curry1](src/internal/_curry1.js)
- [x] [_curry2](src/internal/_curry2.js)
- [x] [_curry3](src/internal/_curry3.js)
- [x] [_has](src/internal/_has.js)
- [x] [_isArguments](src/internal/_isArguments.js)
- [x] [_isArray](src/internal/_isArray.js)
- [x] [_isInteger](src/internal/_isInteger.js)
- [x] [_isObject](src/internal/_isObject.js)
- [x] [_isString](src/internal/_isString.js)
- [x] [_toString](src/internal/_toString.js)
- [x] [assoc](src/assoc.js)
- [x] [assocPath](src/assocPath.js)
- [x] [empty](src/empty.js)
- [x] [flatten](src/flatten.js)
- [x] [identity](src/identity.js)
- [x] [index](src/index.js)
- [x] [is](src/is.js)
- [x] [isFunction](src/isFunction.js)
- [x] [isNil](src/isNil.js)
- [x] [isPlainObj](src/isPlainObj.js)
- [x] [isString](src/isString.js)
- [x] [map](src/map.js)
- [x] [split](src/split.js)
- [x] [unnest](src/unnest.js)
- [ ] [fromPairs](src/fromPairs.js)
- [x] [keys](src/keys.js)
- [ ] [mapObjIndexed](src/mapObjIndexed.js)
- [x] [mergeRight](src/mergeRight.js)
- [ ] [pathOr](src/pathOr.js)
- [ ] [pickBy](src/pickBy.js)
- [x] [pick](src/pick.js)
- [x] [pickAll](src/pickAll.js)
- [ ] [pipe](src/pipe.js)
- [ ] [pluck](src/pluck.js)
- [ ] [prop](src/prop.js)
- [ ] [reduce](src/reduce.js)
- [ ] [reject](src/reject.js)
- [ ] [replace](src/replace.js)
- [ ] [sortBy](src/sortBy.js)
- [ ] [sum](src/sum.js)
- [x] [toLower](src/toLower.js)
- [x] [toPairs](src/toPairs.js)
- [x] [toUpper](src/toUpper.js)
- [x] [trim](src/trim.js)
- [x] [values](src/values.js)
- [x] [zipObj](src/zipObj.js)

Commit message:

added prop(), propOr(), path(), pathOr() and defaultTo()

README.md, after:

# Simda.js

A simple alternative of Ramda.js

### Functions
- [x] [_curry1](src/internal/_curry1.js)
- [x] [_curry2](src/internal/_curry2.js)
- [x] [_curry3](src/internal/_curry3.js)
- [x] [_has](src/internal/_has.js)
- [x] [_isArguments](src/internal/_isArguments.js)
- [x] [_isArray](src/internal/_isArray.js)
- [x] [_isInteger](src/internal/_isInteger.js)
- [x] [_isObject](src/internal/_isObject.js)
- [x] [_isString](src/internal/_isString.js)
- [x] [_toString](src/internal/_toString.js)
- [x] [assoc](src/assoc.js)
- [x] [assocPath](src/assocPath.js)
- [x] [defaultTo](src/defaultTo.js)
- [x] [empty](src/empty.js)
- [x] [flatten](src/flatten.js)
- [x] [identity](src/identity.js)
- [x] [index](src/index.js)
- [x] [is](src/is.js)
- [x] [isFunction](src/isFunction.js)
- [x] [isNil](src/isNil.js)
- [x] [isPlainObj](src/isPlainObj.js)
- [x] [isString](src/isString.js)
- [x] [map](src/map.js)
- [x] [split](src/split.js)
- [x] [unnest](src/unnest.js)
- [ ] [fromPairs](src/fromPairs.js)
- [x] [keys](src/keys.js)
- [ ] [mapObjIndexed](src/mapObjIndexed.js)
- [x] [mergeRight](src/mergeRight.js)
- [ ] [pathOr](src/pathOr.js)
- [ ] [pickBy](src/pickBy.js)
- [x] [pick](src/pick.js)
- [x] [pickAll](src/pickAll.js)
- [ ] [pipe](src/pipe.js)
- [ ] [pluck](src/pluck.js)
- [x] [path](src/path.js)
- [x] [pathOr](src/pathOr.js)
- [x] [prop](src/prop.js)
- [x] [propOr](src/propOr.js)
- [ ] [reduce](src/reduce.js)
- [ ] [reject](src/reject.js)
- [ ] [replace](src/replace.js)
- [ ] [sortBy](src/sortBy.js)
- [ ] [sum](src/sum.js)
- [x] [toLower](src/toLower.js)
- [x] [toPairs](src/toPairs.js)
- [x] [toUpper](src/toUpper.js)
- [x] [trim](src/trim.js)
- [x] [values](src/values.js)
- [x] [zipObj](src/zipObj.js)
